---
title: So I deleted a bunch of stuff
tags:
- archival
---
I committed something of an immortal sin: I broke some hyperlinks. I did the exact thing I gripe about others doing on a regular basis. BUT there are some key differences:
1. I'm pretty sure no one actually reads this site or looks at anything here except for this one specific page I made for my girlfriend.
2. Okay wait, maybe I don't have any more reasons.

The thing is, I don't know what I want anymore (with respect to my website and general internet presence). I don't know what I want this place to be. Unfortunately, my dissatsifaction often leads to destruction. But not without archival first, of course. As a serial digital hoarder, I would never knowingly delete data without having some form of a backup somewhere, even if I never ever think about it again. I know it's kind of bonkers, and it's a borderline unhealthy compulsion, but it gives me some semblance of peace of mind.

The other thing is, I want to be prolific. I want to develop a hefty backlog of things I've written or done or made. But you can't really do that if you're deleting your shit all the time!!! (So why do I keep doing it??) ...fear, probably. I mean, truly, honestly, I don't have a good excuse. I don't really think there is one to be had at all. I want this one thing (to have a body of work that I can point to and also build on) and I continue to do the opposite (hide/destroy anything I make and share with the world). Honestly, what the hell is wrong with me?

It's weird how revisiting something I wrote or did or made can bring up feelings of self-hatred or repulsion, or at the very least, frustration. Things don't feel worth continuing to do/maintain. But why?